The Joe Rogan experience.
So when we're talking about San Diego being very fit place,
do you do any sort of strength and conditioning or anything for skateboarding?
Is that something that people do?
Some people do it.
I never found it to help my skating and I always felt
like skating kept me fit. So I never really did it. I mean,
outside of swimming and surfing,
which is more upper body than skating obviously. But, um,
but I do feel like that would have benefited me later in life.
It just got stuck in my mode and then just skating. Was it, you stay there.
You're in your mode now. You don't do anything.
I don't do anything else. I do. I do make an effort to like swim some laps.
Um, cause my mom lived, uh, till her nineties and she swore by swimming.
Swimming is amazing. Yup. Yeah. Um, she would go through, I mean,
I remember all as a kid, she would definitely,
she had to get her 20 laps in every day. Um, and,
and we, we are our, uh, where I live,
the residential area had a community swimming pool that was like Olympic size.
So the whole thing. Yeah.
Yeah.
We were talking before about surfing and I was saying that I think that surfing
at least partially would kind of mimic some of the muscles that you use in
skateboarding.
And then you were telling me about getting towed in by Laird Hamilton
While you drink his coffee. Wow.
Um, yeah, so, well, my brother,
my older brother was a surfer and he got me into skating because he
skated in the seventies when that was the thing was,
they were trying to emulate surfing with the skateboards.
And so he actually gave me one of his old board that was my first skateboard.
Um, and then he would drive me to the skate park once a week,
like come home from college and take me to the park. And then I just got hooked.
Like that was, that was my home away from home from that point on. Um,
and so I surf pretty regularly,
I would say less now, but, um,
but it was hard not to with my brother's influence and we were in
Hawaii. My brother actually used to be the, uh, editor of surfer magazine.
So he knows all the surfers. Um, cause he's, he's a journalist, um,
really good writer, uh, teaches at Stanford now actually.
And so we went to Hawaii,
we went to Maui and he said, Hey, Larry had said,
he'd take us out tow in surfing. If you want to go,
we're going to go tones over with Laird Hamilton.
Like I don't think his level of what is mellow is something that is what
we would consider and he's, and I go, but you know,
we gotta go like it's a once in a lifetime. Right. So they took us out, uh,
to Spreckels, which is near a jaws, which is there a big spot?
This is like early two thousands.
So towing serving was just starting to come into play.
I'll never forget Dave Kalama. Who's one of the surfers, one of his homeys.
He was trying out the first foil board there. Oh wow. And he had,
he was wearing ski boots attached to the foil board.
That's how he was writing it. I was like,
these guys are out of their minds and uh, and so.
Uh, detach like a ski boot, if you.
Fall, I never saw detach.
Oh God. Yeah. So you have to recover and swim to the surface while you're.
Mean I was too focused on trying to survive myself to worry about what he was
doing, but um, yeah. So, uh, rush Randall.
Who's another wind surfer there.
He was telling me and Laird is telling my brother and I'll never forget
them being outside. And then, you know,
they're saying it's a small day and they're like, oh,
I think there might be like some 10 or 12 foot sets.
And I know what 10 or 12 foot in Hawaiian measurement means.
And I was like, just don't tell me any one of those. Okay. And, uh,
and then I'll never forget looking out and, and rush said, here comes one.
I'm like where, where, because you're so far out. Right. And he's like,
get ready. Okay.
And so then I got ready and I'm getting towed and all of a sudden this thing,
this mountain just swells up underneath me. And before I know it,
I'm just in the pit of this move this way that it was like double, overhead,
biggest way I've ever written for sure. Um, and for me it's backside.
So when you're going backside, you're,
you're just sort of looking down the line. You're not looking back at the,
at the barrel. What does that mean by backside? Um,
so the wave is breaking this way and my back is to the face
of the wave. Oh, okay. Right.
And it backsides a little more challenging just because of the, the turning and,
and the way you're facing. So when you go in front side, you're facing the wave,
you can really see down the line, you can look back easily. Um,
so I'm going backside. And I remember looking at looking at the wall,
thinking like I've written 20 foot skate ramps. And I'm like, that's,
that looks like about a 20 foot skate ramp.
So I was going and I was cruising and then I did a little cutback.
So I started going to back towards the barrel and I looked at the barrel and it
was like the most frightening thing I've ever seen in my life because it was,
you know, it was like a massive hollow way of that you see in
movies that you see Lehrer just dancing around in. And I'm like, I can't,
I'm not getting near that thing.
And I immediately just turned back and went down the line even further.
It's just get ahead of it. Um,
and then I did find myself after a few waves getting cocky and I tried to pull
into the barrel and it just clobbered me in the head. And then I, you know, you,
weren't a life vest. And then I went down, I'll never forget.
Like I felt myself going down one shelf and you know,
trying to swim up to the top. And then I felt a good down another shelf.
And I was like, oh, this is bad. Um,
and then finally made it up to the surface and rush is like three feet from me.
Oh, wow. Cause he's just been chasing me. Those guys are they're the masters.
Experts in covering people that get clobbered.
Yeah. And I was just like, how long were you down for? I, you know, it wasn't,
it wasn't like a crazy hole down,
but in my inexperience and not conditioned body,
it felt like a long time. Um, and I, and I told rush, I was like, oh, that was,
that was scary. I've never been held down that much. He's like, yeah,
I've had my worst hold downs out here. Cool.
Thanks. I was telling you, I was, you know,
I get in the sauna every day and I said something to Larry and he sent me a
picture of his sauna. Pull it up here.
It's he's at 250
degrees. You're in his sauna. I mean,
I don't even understand why he would do that, but he's like,
I'm that this thing doesn't go any hotter. Let me.
He lives on a different plane.
He gets in there with oven mitts at 250 degrees with, oh, here it is.
Look at this crazy. Look at that. So.
Does he wear oven mitts? So his skin won't melt off. Yeah. Cause.
He rides his Airdyne bike.
So the metal of the Airdyne bike would literally cook him. I mean,
I cook a steak at 250 degrees and the smoker,
this is crazy. And it's 200. It's actually like probably it's,
it's pinned at two 50. Cause that's as hot as this thermostat gets. Right?
Like it's probably hotter than two 50. He's out.
Of his nuts. Um, he's faster is.
Always better. His, his, his quote to me, I just,
there's gotta be a point. I did it once here. I was trying to,
after he came on the podcast, I was trying to copy him.
So I was doing it like two 10 and I did once a two 20,
I was burning like the inside of my throat from breathing in the air. I was,
I felt like killing myself. Cause I was in there for like 20 minutes.
I was like, and then I'd get out.
And it was as tired as I've ever been in my life.
I would just collapse on the mats. After I got out of the sauna, I was like,
I gotta stop doing this. And then I'd come in and do podcasts. And like,
I was having a hard time talking. I was like, like my throat was,
was cooked. It was basically.
Cooked. Yeah. I never did well with that stuff. We, um, we got one,
actually we got one of the, uh, infrared ones.
There are different. Those are the, he doesn't like the infrared ones.
Laird said that they gave him a real bad skin condition. And that like,
there's something about his,
particularly the temperatures and he's putting them at.
Yeah. Um, well I got to start somewhere. I'm not going to.
I think the dry heat, it's like,
that's where the studies have been done on them.
And I'm sure there's some benefits to the infrared one. But according to him,
he's not into it.
Uh, like I said, I don't really do it anyway. Um, my wife and my kids,
they like going in there, but I usually go in for a little bit and like,
we'll watch one episode of something and I'm like, okay, I'm done.
Have you done his crazy water workouts? [inaudible].
No, I would never survive that. Not there's no.
I have a bunch of friends that have got up there and train with them and then
they just texted me afterwards. What the?
Yeah. Cause he's just not no one, no one can,
can.
Go easy. No, he's not. He there's no easy with Larry. There's only two speeds.
I was telling you about his ankle people don't he came in here and showed me his
ankle. He has an ankle that broke that he never did anything to,
he never bothered getting a cast. He never bothered getting surgery. And it's,
it's like the root of a tree.
It's this up thick knee of an ankle.
It's so weird. And like, wow, that's next level. He's just a next level. Human.
Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely. I mean, I, I respect him and admire him,
but I don't want him to train me.
Well, his workouts are so crazy.
Like they take a 75 pound dumbbell and they swim with it,
like the whole 75 Don Dumbo.
And then you're swimming across the pool with one arm while holding the 75 pound
dumbbell while trying to pop your head up and breathe. I'm like, oh, okay. Yeah,
whatever.
Yeah. So, uh, not, not my conditioning.
But I'd like to, there's a guy like that out there out for sure. I think.
It's important leading the.
Charge. Yeah. Just some maniac.
Who's just so he's so psycho about everything.
The guy sends you a 250 degrees sauna that he's mad that doesn't get any higher.
It's just so interesting.